b"Ryan Gosling overall is just a cool and relatable guy, or his on-screen persona is at least. He's good-looking (obviously), he has a calm but confident demeanor, he's an excellent actor, and he's got some solid nerd cred through his filmography (Blade Runner, Drive, etc). "
b"My first serious girlfriend was black, we were together for a couple years. \n\nOne thing I never was made aware of before was how black women style or make their hair look the way it does. She went through so much trouble and paid so much money at the salon to get those all those many long braids tied into her hair, and before I realized they weren't actually hers, I could have swore they were real. When she had them taken out, all she had left was just a little poof. She wore a rag on her head for a while, wouldn't even take it off, just wore it like a hat, day in and day out. I convinced her to let me see underneath it at least once, and she was embarrassed by it, but I thought it was adorable.\n\nEDIT: This got way more upvotes and replies than I expected it would! While I have the opportunity though, I'd just like to offer some words of encouragement in as less ranty a way as possible. Ultimately, my relationship with this girl ended, our love did not last, and a large part of that was my fault. In spite of that, I want to tell anyone who might be reading this that they should not let the prejudices and ignorance of the world keep them from loving who they love. First we were friends, then secret friends with benefits, then we were officially together, and we encountered opposition the whole way, all because I was white and she was black. Our families hated each other, we felt racism and prejudice both casually and bluntly from friends and acquaintances (of all races and genders), and we got funny looks from strangers in public. But you should not let any of that impede your love for anyone; if they don't like it, they can either deal with it or you can show them the door. "
b"On the internet in general, really.  People hang on every word you say, they take shit *so literally*, it's like talking to Commander Data from Star Trek but without any of the charm or things that make him cool. And they often assume the worst, as well.\n\nIt's part of the reason I've dramatically reduced my frequency of posting on places like Twitter. I have lost count of how many times I have referenced a meme or said something I thought was obvious sarcasm, only for some person who thinks they're a cheeky nerd to take me completely seriously and totally miss it. "
User intensity: 34.7
Top hate word: nerd
Sentiment analysis:  compound: -0.6629, neg: 0.164, neu: 0.718, pos: 0.118, 
