b"Be passionate about things. If there are things you love doing, lean in. Don't be afraid to be that fantasy football nerd with insane spreadsheets predicting the optimal roster based on weather forecasts in different parts of the country. If people ask about your passions, lean the fuck in and tell them all about it.\n\nI am and have always been a huge nerd. I am extremely passionate about things 99.9999% of people don't give a shit about, but people tend to find me interesting because they like seeing someone with passion. I can talk at length to people about Magic the Gathering or discrete mathematics and the only thing that tends to matter for how interesting they find me is how excited I am about the topic. \n\nThere may be people that think you're a loser based on your passions but they are shitty people who you don't want to be friends with anyways. If you fly your flag then people who like what you're on about will pop up and find you interesting."
b"I'll give you the argument that changed my mind about cultural appropriation.\n\nHow do you feel about Big Bang Theory and how it portrays nerds? I know a lot of people on Reddit, myself included, identify as nerds. We have fandoms, we have vast arrays of really specific knowledge about some game, we do well in intellectual pursuits and are proud of that.\n\nI really dislike Big Bang Theory. It's a show about nerds, but the nerds in that show are nothing like the nerds I know. We don't have stupid catchphrases. We don't model pursuing women after some physics theory. It just isn't anything like the nerd culture that I know.\n\nBig Bang Theory appropriates nerd culture. The negative side effects of it are that when people who are very familiar with BBT determine that I am a nerd (I'm not exactly subtle about it) they have these unrealistic assumptions about me. They expect me to be similar to the nerds on Big Bang Theory, but obviously I'm not. It creates a divide between us because they think that I am some alien creature when I'm just a dude that could probably name 11,000 of the 13,000+ magic cards ever printed. Maybe they would have otherwise thought we could be friends, but instead they avoid me because of assumptions about me.\n\nI used to think that cultural appropriation was just people getting butthurt that some other culture was using their shit. It's not. It's some other culture misrepresenting their shit. It doesn't help that there are people who are actually butthurt about other cultures using their shit and you would be right to think of them as supporting backwards steps and segregation, but they aren't talking about cultural appropriation. They are just assholes."
b"That game hits for me on so many levels. It's aesthetics are beautiful and all, but the game design nerd in me loves the simplicity of their idea and how well they boiled it down to the absolute minimum. There's no wasted time grinding. No chaff shoved in to lengthen it or give it replay value. No part of it feels repetitive or like it doesn't matter. And that's all it needs to have replay value.\n\nI need to go home and play through it again."
User intensity: 55.0
Top hate word: nerd
Sentiment analysis:  compound: 0.6797, neg: 0.169, neu: 0.629, pos: 0.201, 
