b'Guy jumped me in 7th grade. Didn\xe2\x80\x99t get a hit on him before the teachers broke it up. Got a week of detention. Because I called the kid a nazi. For attacking me. '
b'I think what would happen is they would trade victories until Stark just straight up kills Batman. Whoever loses would analyze the fight. Then they would come up with a strategy or tech for the next fight. A fight they would win because their opponent has no counter for the new tech or strategy. Repeat infinitely.\n\nWhat it would come down to eventually is how far they are willing to go. Batman refuses to kill. No matter what Stark does, he will survive because Batman will not finish him off. Stark on the other hand has shown a willingness to kill if absolutely necessary. He won\xe2\x80\x99t do it on a whim, and will need a darn good reason to. But if Stark believes it to be necessary, he will kill Batman. It\xe2\x80\x99s just a question of how long until he feels it necessary.  '
b'For me, it really made a few things unfun. I didn\xe2\x80\x99t like how all it seemed to do in shootouts was make everyone wait for a few seconds. It was a good trick the first few times, but after you figured out you could just step back and throw a grenade it seemed pretty worthless. Also, it made vehicles much more frustrating. Try to ram someone, 9/10 they\xe2\x80\x99ll armor lock and kill you. Go anywhere near them, they\xe2\x80\x99ll armor lock, the emp effect will hit you, then they\xe2\x80\x99ll hijack your vehicle and kill you. Best option for vehicle combat became hanging back and just shooting, which took a lot of the fun out of it for me. Ymmv. '
b'For me, it is Xenoblade Chronicles. It has three main problems:\n\n1. If you are more than a level or two below your opponent, good luck. Unless you have your characters set up perfectly, you probably will not even hit the enemy. \n\n2. If you are even one level higher than the enemy, then battles are tedious. They are so long that I often set down my 3ds to look at my phone. They are so easy, that I almost never died when I did that. \n\n3. The ammount of exp you receive is highly based on the difference in level between you and the enemy you beat. If the enemy is 2 below to 2 levels above you, you get 100% exp. 3-6 levels below you, 50%. 7-22 levels below, 10%. More than 22 levels below, a couple points. Furthermore, exp is given from individual opponents, not groups. There is one particularly frustrating area where the monsters are fairly low level for that stage of the game. These enemies end up being maybe 5-6 levels below you. But they zerg rush you. You get swarmed by a bunch of low level enemies and often wiped. And because they are so far in level below you, you get very little exp for the ones you do kill. Best option is to go back to the previous area where you might get 50% exp from the enemies. \n\nSo in order to have any challenge and get any decent exp, you have to find enemy\xe2\x80\x99s that are at you level, and preferably not in a group. Good luck. '
b'I wish I could say I was surprised, but the Bakersfield PD is pretty notorious. Even the BBC has had a few articles on them. \n\nhttp://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38309192\n\nApparently they are one of the most likely PDs to kill someone they interact with. '
b'From what I was told, yes. And it took him 17 hours to die. There is some confusion as to whether they denied him painkillers for fear they would kill him. '
b"Haven't played it yet, but when I tried to quietly open it in class it maxed out my audio(and disabled the volume buttons) and changed my screen resolution to 720p. I had to go to pc settings to change it back. Because of the noise I had to immediately kill it, so I did not get to see any settings or gameplay. Looks like it might be the straight PS3 version."
b"I think it's mostly around college towns. When I go home for the summer, the cyclists are no trouble at all. I follow the rules and so do they. But at school? I don't have a car at college. I walk, and I swear the cyclists are trying to kill me. I try to stick to large groups at crosswalks, because the cyclists WILL not slow down for pedestrians. They will just keep going and expect you to dodge. I surprise people when I cycle by stopping for pedestrians in the crosswalk.\n\nThen again, it is a college town. The drivers are assholes, the pedestrians will walkout in front of cars, and the skateboarders take up the whole sidewalk."
b"Lets assume these resources can keep bodies frozen and rot free indefinitely. Maybe we have some incredible refrigerators or something. Also assume we can keep the families waiting for a funeral.\n\nI'd make them dig the grave of every person the had any part in killing. Every last one. I want them to see just how many people they killed. I want them to see the pain and suffering they wrought as families come to the grave yard to mourn their loved ones. I want them to see the tears on the faces of children as they realize Mommy is never coming home again. And I hope they realize just how wrong they were, to kill someone because they aren't the right religion, or the right nationality, or like the right flavor of ice cream.\n\nI'd make them regret their path."
b'That police officer in number 2? That man is my new hero. The KKK wants nothing more than to reduce him to slavery, or kill him. Simply because he is black. They are protesting that the officer and others like him should be dehumanized. And the cop is still protecting him! The cop is protecting his right to free speech even though the speech is a message of hate against him. I hope I would have the strength to defend the KKK asshole if I was that officer.'
User intensity: 124.80000000000001
Top hate word: kill
Sentiment analysis:  compound: -0.6588, neg: 0.176, neu: 0.67, pos: 0.154, 
