b"I think the biggest mistake people make is with the partners they choose for relationships. We get so excited at a young age when we meet someone we seem to connect with. It is very powerful when there is a mutual feeling of attraction, both physically and emotionally. But I think there's a tendency to rush ahead too quickly when this happens. I know I did and I regret that.\n\nBefore you commit to someone for life, you should ask yourself these questions:\n\n1. Why do I like this person? What is it about them that I am attracted to?\n2. Have I dealt with any unresolved issues from my childhood? Am I healthy mentally and emotionally? Is it possible that I'm attracted to this person because of some unresolved issues in my life? For example, codependency?\n3. What do I dislike most about this person (hint: whatever this thing is, it never goes away, so you better be ok with it).\n4. Do I feel like I can fix some of the problems this person has in their life? (hint: you can't. And you're codependent).\n5. Has this person had any major depressive issues in their life, or emotional breakdowns? Has this been properly addressed with medication and counseling?\n6. Have you spent much time with their parents and family? If not, do so. If you have, what do you think of them? Specifically, the same sex parent. Generally speaking, girls become their mothers and guys become their fathers.\n7. Have you discussed what you want from life together? Do you both want kids? Do you want one of you to be a stay at home parent? Do you want to live in the city or the suburbs? You may want to sit together and write all of this down. Sometimes, people don't remember these conversations.\n8. Lastly, do you know what is involved with divorce? Specifically child support, custody issues, etc. Not trying to be negative, but the reality is many marriages fall apart and you should know going in how the divorce process works.(hint, it ain't good).\n\nI could go on and on about this. Hope this is helpful for some. "
Intensity for user: 13.399999999999999
Top hate word: dislike
Sentiment analysis: compound: 0.9613, neg: 0.031, neu: 0.862, pos: 0.107, 
