b'The DMs from angry dudes calling me a \'Man hating c\\*\\*\\*\', and telling me I should kill myself, for saying I hated that men would send unsolicited penis photos, and described it as "Disappointing Penis Roulette".  \nIt was a response to a question here, about what is the most frustrating part of being single, or something like that.'
b"Omg, this sounds like exactly how I would imagine my ex-husband to treat our kids if I were to die.  \nEverything in that damn post, I can hear him say.  \nMy ex is currently telling anyone who will listen, what a horrible, fat, ugly, bitter loser I am, and how he hopes to god I will kill myself.  Reason?  He told me he was taking the kids to do something cool, and instead, took them to his new girlfriend's birthday party, and introduced them to her entire family, while telling them she is going to be their new, improved, bonus mom.  \nSo... yeah."
b'Had a friend who moved to my state, and I offered to let her stay with us.  \nShe drank all of my booze, Would dirty every dish in the house and refuse to wash them, was extremely disrespectful to my husband, Called me a bad, lazy mother because I was too sick (morning sickness all day) with early pregnancy to take my son to the park, so I hired a babysitter to do it, and went out of her way to cook things that I had asked her not to cook, because they triggered my vomiting.   \nIt got so bad I did not feel like I could leave her and my husband alone in the house, because I was pretty certain he was going to kill her.  And I was not worried about protecting her, I just did not want him to go to jail.  \nWhen she finally moved out, we saw each other about three more times, and then I have not spoken to her since. We were best friends before she pulled that shit.'
b'When I was still in my horrible marriage, and VERY suicidal and depressed, I had a plan to get all my ducks in a row, so I could kill myself while making it look like an accident, six months after my youngest would finish college.    \nI am MUCH better now, but when I was in that, The only thing that kept me moving was that I had to take care of my kids, and making the plan in that way actually calmed the way my brain was screaming at me to just kill myself immediately.  \nMental illness is a legit demon.'
b'Went through the drive thru at my local Whataburger, at about 11 one night.The woman working the window was about middle aged, extremely obese (this matters), and in tears, because several of her younger coworkers were saying really mean things to her.  Saying it so loudly that I could hear them saying it, through the window, over my engine and my radio.Things like "You are such a fat fucking bitch you should be hunted like an elephant", and "You probably can\'t even see your pussy to wash it, you are so fat. I bet that thing is rotting off it is so nasty", and telling her she should kill herself, because she was a fat loser that worked at Whataburger and was old.Just... they were fucking vile.  She was doing her best to hold it together, but she was crying.\n\nI got my food, tried to say something kind to her, then I told my husband that we were not leaving yet.  I parked the car, walked in, and asked for a manager.  When he came to the front, I told him everything I heard, pointed out which of the little shits I could identify and repeat their specific taunts, told him that the woman handled herself professionally and deserved a raise, and asked those guys what the hell their payoff was from picking on a woman that they deemed less than them?  Then I pulled the classic old lady move and told them their mothers should be ashamed they raised such hateful sons.Manager was apologetic, offered to refund my money, but I told him I did not care about anything like that, I came in because it was bullshit that his employees thought it was okay to treat another employee that way, and if he wanted to make it right, he would handle that shit so she would have a safe work environment, because their behavior was unacceptable.\n\nI don\'t know what happened, but she still works there, but on the day shift now.'
b"Why do they do that?\nSeriously, do you think that does their case any good? \nI would LOVE for my kids to have the community that a church family could provide, but because of the church dealings I had growing up, I won't let my kids go to church without me. Because I don't want their heads filled with this stuff.\n\nAlso, do they even think about how those analogies about how a girl is used up, make those of us who were sexually abused feel?\nSome of us sitting in that audience were made to feel like we were trash that did not deserve love, because of things that were done to us when we could not fight back.\n\nIt makes me so angry to think about, because no child should hear that shit.  Or be left wondering why God did not love them enough to protect them from being used up."
b"What the ever loving, cockadoodling do fuck?!  \nGet rid of him. Throw the entire boy out. Just get rid of him. \n\nHe is trash. You don't need that."
b"Lol.  I am irritated.  \nBut it is cool. What doesn't kill you makes you unhealthily cope with demented humor, and all that. lol"
b"My exhusband's mother is bonkers, and she insisted on it because trash like me was certain to fleece him of all his fortunes.  Never mind that he came into our marriage with nothing about about $30k in debt because he was stupid enough to give his ex-fiance POA while he was deployed, and she robbed him bling. Never mind that I used MY life savings to pay off his debt, and get us set up in our first home.  Nope. I had to sign the prenup.  \n\n\nFast forward, and I was super thrilled with it, because he actually did have something worth protecting by the time we divorced, BUT because of an infidelity clause, I could have wiped him out.  Instead, I was able to use that as leverage to make sure my children were protected from the kind of people he associates with now.  \nHe got to keep his money (which I never would have touched anyway), and I get to make sure the kids are not exposed to the trash bag humans he is 'in love' with."
b'Oh, I hear a bunch of crap about how I was stupid to just let him have everything, but honestly? No amount of money would be worth it, if I could not protect my kids from the trash bag humans my ex dates and is, "Madly in love" with weekly.  \nI have watched too many of my friends deal with that nonsense after they divorce.'
b"I don't have any.I was lame-o in high school, and did not date much, But several of my guy friends had their parents try to push us together.  And the guy I did date, his mother called me after I broke up with him, to ask me to reconsider, and explain that it is not really cheating if he had sex with a girl that was beneath us. And I should take that as a sign of how much he loved me, because he did not pressure a good girl like me, and instead used a slutty girl who was not 'marriage material'.  It did not help his case.  \n\n\nOh wait! Just remembered!    \nFirst love. We were sweethearts from sixth grade up. We did agree to date other people, because I was forced to move states, but we planned on coming back together, and we were still together in spirit.  His mother had died when he was younger, and he was being raised by his aunt, and her husband.  And she HATED ME. Because my step dad was enlisted, and her husband was an officer, so that meant I was trash.  Tried to make him hate me from the time I was 12, and she was thrilled when I broke all communication off with him after he got a girl that had spent her life when we were kids making me miserable pregnant. She was SO thrilled. So happy.  \n"
b'Ugh. "better than" mother in laws are the worst. I had one.  She once told me I was not going to last because i was a fun time girl, since her son met me in a bar.  \nNo mention of him meeting me in a bar, in my college town, while I was acting as the sober \'mom\' of my group. Or the fact that he and I were friends for nearly five years before we dated, or that I managed to get my degree, which her precious boy could not do, or that as a wedding gift, I used my savings to pay of his crushing debt.  Or the fact that what ultimately led us to divorce was his refusal to stop meeting random people for public sex.  \nNope, I was the problem, because I had not found a husband the \'right\' way, like she did.  \nShe gave me crap during my pregnancies for staying fit, she gave me crap about encouraging her son to get a career instead of sticking with a dead end job,  her son is so much better off in life, because of me.  \nBut she still insists that I am just random barfly trash.  \nAnd I am thankful I never have to sit through another of her horrid holiday meals.'
b'Me personally? Not at all scared. I am old, and mean, and they can freaking come for me.  \nFor my daughter? And my younger friends? and every other feminine person I know? I am terrified.  These guys are willing to kill, and cheer murderers, because they think they are entitled to affection for nothing. They hate women, because women terrify them.  \nThere is no reasoning with someone like that.'
b'Not my a romantic significant other, but my best friend will add -Jo to my real name, basically Alpaca Jo.  \nIt is in reference to a joke I made about two years ago, where I said we should buy an RV, run away, and assume white trash alter egos.  I gave him the name Scooter, and myself Paca-Jo.   \nIt is nice, because I have never had that kind of closeness with someone before, where they wanted to give me a term of endearment, and it reminds me of how many inside jokes he and I share, and that he accepts my goofy weirdness with open arms. It is nice.'
User intensity: 146.00000000000003
Top hate word: kill
Sentiment analysis:  compound: 0.9783, neg: 0.043, neu: 0.727, pos: 0.231, 
