b'He was trying to kill the Beast in order to claim Belle for himself.  I don\'t know that I would say he "deserved" to die but certainly Karma played out in that direction.'
b'A glance in the trash can or where she keeps her Diva cup when not in use isn\xe2\x80\x99t proof enough?'
b'I would like to think that most men would simply move onto another profile rather than kill random women because one catfish insulted them on Tinder.  Am I na\xc3\xafve in this thought?'
b"No, it doesn't make sense.  Her name is on the apartment.  She will be the one who is liable for any damages or unpaid rent.  He can trash the place and skip away freely knowing it's on her, not him."
b'One of my neighbors is basically the unofficial caretaker of our complex - waters the lawn and gardens, makes minor repairs, chases off stray homeless people digging through the trash bins.  Generally seems like a good, responsible guy.  I was talking to him about car maintenance recently and the subject of gas stations came up, referring to those machines that you can use to put air in your tires.  In our state you are supposed to be able to do this for free, but some gas station owners charge up to $2 for this.  We were discussing that and he said, "Indians [gas station owners] are the worst."  I just couldn\'t believe he would go there.'
b'\xe2\x80\x9cAll\xe2\x80\x9d of any population doesn\xe2\x80\x99t do anything.  But those themes are routine in their postings.  Girls over 15 all being whores so get yourself a 13 year old virgin; women should be forced to have sex with incels BUT women who have sex are sluts; women should be the property of men.  Incels encouraging each other to commit suicide.  Nobody is policing these posts and comments and asking them to turn down the rhetoric. Then you get guys like that 21 year old who kidnapped Jayme Closs and that guy who wanted to kill girls at the Women\xe2\x80\x99s March.  There are your extremists, being cheered on to commit horrific acts by their incel buddies.\n.'
b"If your kids can't be vaccinated due to autoimmune disorders or allergies, you rely on herd immunity. Why are you arguing for kids to be allowed to catch easily preventable diseases that could potentially kill them?  Are you planning a line of designer iron lungs for when polio comes back with a vengeance?"
User intensity: 45.4
Top hate word: kill
Sentiment analysis:  compound: -0.7691, neg: 0.138, neu: 0.821, pos: 0.041, 
